# Training Data for the Markov Chain
I expected the Harrisburg Gallery Walk to be nothing but boring paintings
that were ancient. However I was wrong, it had some pretty cool sculptures,
but the paintings were the same old thing. When I looked at the price list
for the art pieces I got a foul taste in my mouth from the prices, how dare
they charge seventy-five dollars for a print of a negative, especially
because they can print dozens of that photograph. So, then I just kind of
got sick of the art world and walked over to look at a real piece of art the
walking bridge to city island. Afterwards, I walked over to look at the
Dauphin County Court House fountains, because those are also a true work of
art. Overall, the gallery walk made me disgusted with the art world.

When I walking through the art association's gallery, I saw a couple of
paintings. Some of the paintings were in very ornate frame, frames that
would have taken a long time to chisel from wood. I saw several paintings of
people and objects. The coolest painting of the bunch was the one of the
side of a house with the electrical and utilities boxes, because it looked
three dimensional in a way. It was something that looked almost like a
photograph, but it was painting. I don't usually find paintings interesting,
as I view them as over priced, and not very useful, because only one person
can have it at time, unlike with digital media where everyone can have a
copy, but that painting was rather interesting.

I also saw several sculptures at the art association's gallery. The
sculptures that I found most interesting were the ones made of metal. Some of
the welds on those sculptures were very fine like aerospace grade welding.
The welds on some of the pieces would have been very difficult, as how would
you hold round stock to a piece when welding something in the center of the
large flat area, like how the cube was suspended on the one sculpture.
However, when I figured out how the artist textures some of pieces on the
work, I was horrified. One of the methods of texturing appeared to require
using a die grinder and letting it wonder all over the piece, which is
completely against the spirit of being a machinist. As a machinist values
precision and accuracy in a piece, it is despicable that a metal worker
would do that to a work piece. Another despicable work method I saw was on a
completely different piece, and the method used was just taking a stick
welder and wondering all over the surface of the metal to provide a bumpy
texture to the piece. If I wanted that kind of work sitting in my yard, I
would go and buy the practice welds from a high school metal shop. After
all, some of these so called magnificent sculptures, looked like they came
out of a high school metal shop and were made by the bottom third of the
class. Now not all of the work pieces were disgusting one of the coolest
sculptures was sitting on a pedestal, and it  almost like the center piece
on one of Iron Savior's first album covers. It was like a U-shaped thing
surrounded by by a ring, it had the right color scheme to it, which is red
and blue. It was a piece of metal working done right, the welds on it were
clean, and it didn't have any of the despicable methods on it that I could
see. So, overall I found the coolest works of art in the metal sculptures,
even if the artist who made them used some despicable methods when making
them.

When I first got to the gallery walk, I was handed a piece of paper which
was the price list for the art pieces in that gallery. The very idea of
charging six-thousand dollars for a piece that I could make in my garage was
ridiculous. It disgusted me so much that I walked over to the city island
using the big black metal walking bridge, which is a true work of art. After
all, not many bridges are designed with a regular side walk and a metal
grating. It is so cool to be able to see the water right beneath my feet when
walking across that bridge. It is a true work of art, because it is a unique
bridge, and there aren't many like that. It's from the era before the boring
concrete bridges, that aren't pleasant to look at. The bridge next to it is
just boring, it has no suspension on it, or ornateness to it. The city
island walking bridge is a true work of art, unlike those paintings it has
function which the paintings do not. The very fact that the bridge has
function makes it millions of times better than some stuffy painting, but
the bridge performs it's function in a beautiful manner, which makes it the
most beautiful work of art in Harrisburg, it beats out all of the sculptures
and paintings, because it will last longer than any of those other items.

After admiring the city island walking bridge, I walked over to the Dauphin
County Courthouse fountains, which are beautiful and unique. After all how
often does one see a fountain outside of the courthouse. Fountains aren't
very common outside of courthouses, a statue is common, because it has
little maintenance requirements. A fountain requires a great deal of
maintenance, as the pipes might burst in the winter, and they need to be
regularly cleaned, otherwise the pump might clog. So it was nice to see
something as interesting and rare as a fountain outside of a courthouse,
because fountains are expensive wastes of public funds. Now this fountain
was beautiful not just because it was a fountain it was a very complex
fountains with lots jets of water, and the water in it was blue. So the
fountain was obviously was died or the bottom painted. The fountain outside
of the court house is rather cool, and I liked that better than any stinking
expensive painting, which brings me to next point.

The art world is a bunch of crooks. After all, who else gets away with
charging seventy-five dollars for a print of a negative. After all, that's
like having a printing press making money. Another thing is charging
two-thousand-five-hundred for a sculpture that looked like it was made by
high school students during metal shop. The art walk created a firm dislike
for the whole art world in me, as I would rather have a bowl of fruit than a
painting of a bowl of fruit. As I can do more with the bowl than the
painting as with the bowl I could rearrange the fruit or eat it, but with
the painting the only thing I can do with it is look at. So the painting is
most definitely boring, compared to the bowl of fruit. So the art walk
created a firm dislike of paintings, and the whole scam surrounding the art
sale market.
